[android] Add "Choose on map" row to the route point picker (#13277)
organicmaps/organicmaps: data/strings/strings.txt

vi = Tìm kiếm bằng giọng nói
zh-Hans = 语音搜索
zh-Hant = 語音搜尋

[choose_on_map]

> comment = Row in the route point picker; tapping it collapses the search panel so the user can pick a point directly on the map

Reviewer: The comment narrows the context more than the code does: visibility is gated on `isPlanning()`, not `isWaitingPoiPick()`, so the row also shows for a plain search opened from the route plan panel with no pending point pick. Worth widening so translators don't pick a "replace this point" wording.

Suggested: `Row shown above the search tabs while a route is being planned; tapping it collapses the search panel so the user can pick a point directly on the map`

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

> comment = Row shown above the search tabs while a route is being planned; tapping it collapses the search panel so the user can pick a point directly on the map

Reviewer: The comment no longer matches the code. `debe1271` narrowed the gate back to `isWaitingPoiPick()` (`SearchFragment.java:228`), so the row appears only while a specific route point is being chosen or replaced — not for any search opened while planning. Translators reading "while a route is being planned" will pick the wrong register in languages that distinguish the two.

```suggestion
comment = Row shown above the search tabs while choosing or replacing a route point; tapping it collapses the search panel so the user can pick a point on the map
```

The comment is emitted verbatim into all 50 `values-*/strings.xml`, so this needs a generator re-run folded into the existing `[strings] Regenerated` commit.

The PR description carries the same stale claim ("The row is also shown when search is opened from the route planning panel") — worth deleting there too.

tags = android-app
en = Choose on map
af = Kies op die kaart

> ar = اختر على الخريطة

Reviewer: Optional: `ar = اختر على الخريطة` is understandable but literal. For picking a point *off* a map Arabic normally takes مِن.

Suggest `ar = اختر من الخريطة` — same idiom several other locales already landed on (`fa = انتخاب از نقشه`, `fi = Valitse kartalta`, `et = Vali kaardilt`).

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

Author: Not right

Reviewer: Should other wrong translations be fixed too?

Author: Other translations have been fixed, but this one is incorrect.

az = Xəritədə seçin
be = Выбраць на мапе

> bg = Избери на картата

Reviewer: `Избери на картата` is ambiguous in Bulgarian — `Избор на карта` already exists in this file (line 13681) meaning "pick a *map*", so `избери … на картата` invites the same reading. For picking a point off the map Bulgarian takes `от`, same idiom `fi`/`et`/`fa`/`ml` landed on here.

```suggestion
bg = Избери от картата
```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

Author: Not need

bn = মানচিত্রে নির্বাচন করুন
ca = Tria al mapa
cs = Vybrat na mapě
cy = Dewis ar y map
da = Vælg på kortet
de = Auf der Karte auswählen

> el = Επιλέξτε στον χάρτη

Reviewer: Greek keeps the final -ν only before a vowel or κ π τ γκ μπ ντ τσ τζ ξ ψ — χ is not one of them, so it is `στο χάρτη`. The corpus agrees: 20 strings use `στο χάρτη`, only 2 use `στον χάρτη` (`search_show_on_map` = `Προβολή στο χάρτη`, `zoom_to_country` = `Εμφάνιση στο χάρτη`).

```suggestion
el = Επιλέξτε στο χάρτη
```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

> el = Επιλέξτε στο χάρτη

Reviewer: Register nit: Greek UI actions in this file are nominalised, not imperative — `zoom_to_country` = `Εμφάνιση στο χάρτη`, `search_show_on_map` = `Προβολή στο χάρτη`, `placepage_add_stop` = `Προσθήκη στάσης`, `downloader_download_map` = `Λήψη χάρτη`, `share` = `Κοινοποίηση`. `Επιλέξτε` is the only 2nd-person imperative among them, and this row renders right above `search_show_on_map`-style rows.

```suggestion
el = Επιλογή στο χάρτη
```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

Author: Checked the corpus for this verb specifically: Επιλέξτε appears 12 times vs 2 for Επιλογή, and the closest analogue is editor_add_select_location = Επιλέξτε τοποθεσία. The five keys you cite are different verbs, so they don't tell us how "choose" is rendered here. Keeping the imperative.

es = Seleccionar en el mapa
et = Vali kaardilt

> eu = Aukeratu maparen gainean

Reviewer: `eu = Aukeratu maparen gainean` reads as "choose on top of the map". Basque uses the inessive here, and that is what the rest of the corpus does (`search_show_on_map = Ikusi mapan`, `zoom_to_country = Erakutsi mapan`).

Suggest `eu = Aukeratu mapan`.

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

> eu = Aukeratu maparen gainean

Reviewer: `maparen gainean` is the physical "on top of the map". Basque uses the inessive for this, and the existing OM strings agree — `search_show_on_map` = `Ikusi mapan`, `zoom_to_country` = `Erakutsi mapan`.

```suggestion
eu = Aukeratu mapan
```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

fa = انتخاب از نقشه
fi = Valitse kartalta
fr = Choisir sur la carte
gl = Escoller no mapa

> he = בחר על המפה

Reviewer: `he = בחר על המפה` is a calque of the English "on". Hebrew takes ב־ here, which is also what the corpus uses (`search_show_on_map = הראה במפה`, `zoom_to_country = הצג במפה`).

Suggest `he = בחר במפה`.

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

> he = בחר על המפה

Reviewer: `על המפה` is a literal calque of English "on"; Hebrew takes ‑ב here. Existing OM strings: `search_show_on_map` = `הראה במפה`, `zoom_to_country` = `הצג במפה`.

```suggestion
he = בחר במפה
```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

> hi = नक्शे पर चुनें

Reviewer: Optional (Hindi uses both terms in this file). The two closest siblings both pick `मानचित्र`: `search_show_on_map` = `मानचित्र पर देखें`, `zoom_to_country` = `मानचित्र पर दिखाएँ`. This row renders next to them in the same sheet.

```suggestion
hi = मानचित्र पर चुनें
```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

hr = Odaberi na karti
hu = Kiválasztás a térképen
hy = Ընտրել քարտեզի վրա
id = Pilih di peta
is = Velja á korti
it = Scegli sulla mappa
ja = 地図上で選択
ko = 지도에서 선택
lo = ເລືອກຢູ່ໃນແຜນທີ່
lt = Pasirinkti žemėlapyje
lv = Izvēlēties kartē
ml = മാപ്പിൽ നിന്ന് തിരഞ്ഞെടുക്കുക
mr = नकाशावर निवडा
mt = Agħżel fuq il-mappa
nb = Velg på kartet
nl = Kies op de kaart
oc = Causir sus la mapa
pa = ਨਕਸ਼ੇ 'ਤੇ ਚੁਣੋ
pl = Wybierz na mapie
pt = Escolher no mapa
ro = Alege pe hartă
ru = Выбрать на карте
sk = Vybrať na mape
sl = Izberi na zemljevidu
sq = Zgjidh në hartë
sr = Изабери на мапи
sv = Välj på kartan
sw = Chagua kwenye ramani
te = మ్యాప్‌లో ఎంచుకోండి
th = เลือกบนแผนที่

> tr = Harita üzerinde seç

Reviewer: `tr = Harita üzerinde seç` is a literal calque. Turkish uses the ablative for picking something off a map, and the rest of the corpus uses the locative form `Haritada…` (`search_show_on_map = Haritada görüntüle`, `zoom_to_country = Haritada göster`) rather than `harita üzerinde`.

Suggest `tr = Haritadan seç` (shorter and idiomatic; `Haritada seç` also works).

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

he = בחר במפה
hi = मानचित्र पर चुनें
hr = Odaberi na karti
hu = Kiválasztás a térképen
hy = Ընտրել քարտեզի վրա
id = Pilih di peta
is = Velja á korti
it = Scegli sulla mappa
ja = 地図上で選択
ko = 지도에서 선택
lo = ເລືອກຢູ່ໃນແຜນທີ່
lt = Pasirinkti žemėlapyje
lv = Izvēlēties kartē
ml = മാപ്പിൽ നിന്ന് തിരഞ്ഞെടുക്കുക
mr = नकाशावर निवडा
mt = Agħżel fuq il-mappa
nb = Velg på kartet
nl = Kies op de kaart
oc = Causir sus la mapa
pa = ਨਕਸ਼ੇ 'ਤੇ ਚੁਣੋ
pl = Wybierz na mapie
pt = Escolher no mapa
ro = Alege pe hartă
ru = Выбрать на карте
sk = Vybrať na mape
sl = Izberi na zemljevidu
sq = Zgjidh në hartë
sr = Изабери на мапи
sv = Välj på kartan
sw = Chagua kwenye ramani
te = మ్యాప్‌లో ఎంచుకోండి
th = เลือกบนแผนที่
tr = Haritadan seç
uk = Вибрати на мапі
vi = Chọn trên bản đồ
zh-Hans = 在地图上选择
zh-Hant = 在地圖上選擇

[reverse_route]
comment = Accessibility label for the button that swaps the route direction
tags = android-app
en = Reverse route
af = Keer roete om
ar = عكس المسار
az = Marşrutu tərsinə çevir
be = Разгарнуць маршрут
bg = Обръщане на маршрута
bn = পথ উল্টান
ca = Inverteix la ruta
cs = Obrátit trasu
cy = Gwrthdroi'r llwybr
da = Vend ruten
de = Route umkehren
el = Αντιστροφή διαδρομής
es = Invertir ruta

> et = Pööra marsruut ümber

Reviewer: Estonian uses **teekond** for a navigation route throughout this file — 38 lines vs 4 for *marsruut*, and the closest label on this very panel is `planning_route_manage_route` = `Halda teekonda`. (`et = Vali kaardilt` above is spot on.)

```suggestion
et = Pööra teekond ümber
```

Needs the generator re-run folded into the existing `[strings] Regenerated` commit.

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

cs = Vybrat na mapě
cy = Dewis ar y map
da = Vælg på kortet
de = Auf der Karte auswählen
el = Επιλέξτε στο χάρτη
es = Seleccionar en el mapa
et = Vali kaardilt
eu = Aukeratu mapan
fa = انتخاب از نقشه
fi = Valitse kartalta
fr = Choisir sur la carte
gl = Escoller no mapa
he = בחר במפה
hi = मानचित्र पर चुनें
hr = Odaberi na karti
hu = Kiválasztás a térképen
hy = Ընտրել քարտեզի վրա
id = Pilih di peta
is = Velja á korti
it = Scegli sulla mappa
ja = 地図上で選択
ko = 지도에서 선택
lo = ເລືອກຢູ່ໃນແຜນທີ່
lt = Pasirinkti žemėlapyje
lv = Izvēlēties kartē
ml = മാപ്പിൽ നിന്ന് തിരഞ്ഞെടുക്കുക
mr = नकाशावर निवडा
mt = Agħżel fuq il-mappa
nb = Velg på kartet
nl = Kies op de kaart
oc = Causir sus la mapa
pa = ਨਕਸ਼ੇ 'ਤੇ ਚੁਣੋ
pl = Wybierz na mapie
pt = Escolher no mapa
ro = Alege pe hartă
ru = Выбрать на карте
sk = Vybrať na mape
sl = Izberi na zemljevidu
sq = Zgjidh në hartë
sr = Изабери на мапи
sv = Välj på kartan
sw = Chagua kwenye ramani
te = మ్యాప్‌లో ఎంచుకోండి
th = เลือกบนแผนที่
tr = Haritadan seç
uk = Вибрати на мапі
vi = Chọn trên bản đồ
zh-Hans = 在地图上选择
zh-Hant = 在地圖上選擇

[reverse_route]
comment = Accessibility label for the button that swaps the route direction
tags = android-app
en = Reverse route

> af = Omkeer roete

Reviewer: `reverse_route` needs a pass. Several locales render it as an adjective + noun ("the reverse route" — a thing) instead of an action, some use a different word for "route" than the rest of the file, and a few are outright wrong. Register reference in brackets is `planning_route_manage_route` = "Manage Route", the closest existing action label on the same panel.

```
af = Keer roete om          # omkeer is separable; "Omkeer roete" is not a valid phrase
be = Разгарнуць маршрут     # перавярнуць = flip over, not reverse direction
bg = Обръщане на маршрута   # "Обратен маршрут" = the return route [Управление на маршрут]
cs = Obrátit trasu          # "Obrácená trasa" = reversed route, adjective [Spravovat trasu]
cy = Gwrthdroi'r llwybr     # definite article, as settled for cy = Dewis ar y map
el = Αντιστροφή διαδρομής   # "Αντίστροφη διαδρομή" is adj+noun [Διαχείριση διαδρομής]
eu = Alderantzikatu ibilbidea  # "Ibilbidea alderantziz" = the route, reversely [Kudeatu ibilbidea]
fa = معکوس کردن مسیر         # "معکوس مسیر" has no verb and no ezafe [مدیریت مسیر]
hu = Útvonal megfordítása   # visszafordítás = turning back, not reversing direction
hy = Երթուղու հակադարձում   # Ճանապարհ = road; the file uses երթուղի [Կառավարել երթուղին]
lo = ປີ້ນເສັ້ນທາງ            # verb first [ຈັດການເສັ້ນທາງ]
ml = റൂട്ട് വിപരീതമാക്കുക      # തിരിച്ചുവിടുക = divert/redirect, not reverse
mr = मार्ग उलटा करा          # "मार्ग उलटा" is missing the verb
mt = Aqleb ir-rotta         # triq = street; "Irreversi" is not a Maltese word [Immaniġġja r-Rotta]
sl = Obrni pot              # "Obratna pot" is adjectival [Upravljaj pot]
sr = Обрни руту             # "Обратни пут" is adjectival, and пут ≠ рута [Измени руту]
uk = Розвернути маршрут     # обернути = rotate/wrap; розвернути is the direction reversal
```

`sv = Vänd rutt`, `ro = Inversare traseu` and `sq = Kthe rrugën` are fine — they already match the indefinite / nominal register those locales use elsewhere in the file.

Note `pt-BR` is present for `reverse_route` but not for `choose_on_map`; that's harmless (pt-BR falls back to `pt`), just inconsistent.

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

Author: Done

ar = عكس المسار
az = Marşrutu tərsinə çevir
be = Разгарнуць маршрут
bg = Обръщане на маршрута
bn = পথ উল্টান
ca = Inverteix la ruta
cs = Obrátit trasu
cy = Gwrthdroi'r llwybr
da = Vend ruten
de = Route umkehren
el = Αντιστροφή διαδρομής
es = Invertir ruta
et = Pööra marsruut ümber
eu = Alderantzikatu ibilbidea
fa = معکوس کردن مسیر
fi = Käännä reitti
fr = Inverser l'itinéraire
gl = Inverter a ruta
he = הפוך את המסלול
hi = मार्ग उल्टा करें
hr = Obrni rutu
hu = Útvonal megfordítása
hy = Երթուղու հակադարձում
id = Balikkan rute
is = Snúa leiðinni við
it = Inverti percorso

> ja = ルートを逆方向にする

Reviewer: Nit: `ルートを逆方向にする` is a full sentence-style phrase, while every neighbouring action label in this file is compact verb-noun — `ルートを編集` (Manage Route), `中間地点を追加` (Add Stop).

```suggestion
ja = ルートを反転
```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

ko = 경로 반전
lo = ປີ້ນເສັ້ນທາງ
lt = Apversti maršrutą
lv = Apgriezt maršrutu
ml = റൂട്ട് വിപരീതമാക്കുക
mr = मार्ग उलटा करा
mt = Aqleb ir-rotta
nb = Vend ruten
nl = Route omkeren
oc = Invertir lo percors
pa = ਰਸਤਾ ਉਲਟਾਓ
pl = Odwróć trasę
pt = Inverter o percurso

> pt-BR = Inverter o trajeto

Reviewer: `percurso` / `trajeto` are outliers for a UI action label here. Both variants settle on **rota** for route in button text — `planning_route_manage_route` = `Gerir rota` (pt) / `Gerenciar rota` (pt-BR) — and pt-BR uses `rota` almost exclusively throughout the file (`Não foi possível gerar uma rota.`, `traçar uma rota melhor`, …). `percurso` appears nowhere else in the pt column.

With `rota` the two variants become identical, so the `pt-BR` override can go (as it already does for `choose_on_map`):

```suggestion
pt = Inverter a rota
```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

ro = Inversare traseu
ru = Развернуть маршрут
sk = Obrátiť trasu
sl = Obrni pot
sq = Kthe rrugën
sr = Обрни руту
sv = Vänd rutt
sw = Geuza njia
te = మార్గాన్ని తిప్పండి
th = กลับเส้นทาง
tr = Rotayı tersine çevir
uk = Розвернути маршрут
vi = Đảo ngược lộ trình
zh-Hans = 反向路线

> zh-Hant = 反向路線

Reviewer: `反向路线` / `反向路線` is adjective + noun — "the reverse route", a thing — not the action the button performs. Chinese UI actions in this file are verb + object: `管理路线` (Manage Route), `规划路线`, `新增中途點`.

```suggestion
zh-Hans = 反转路线
zh-Hant = 反轉路線
```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

vi = Tìm kiếm bằng giọng nói
zh-Hans = 语音搜索
zh-Hant = 語音搜尋

[choose_on_map]

> comment = Row shown above the search tabs while choosing or replacing a route point; tapping it collapses the search panel so the user can pick a point on the map

Reviewer: The comment describes the earlier behaviour: the row no longer collapses the search panel, it opens the full-screen crosshair picker (`SearchFragmentController.onChooseOnMapClicked()` → `MwmActivity.showPositionChooserForRoutePoint()`). Translators read this, and the same text is copied into `values/strings.xml`.

Suggest: `Row shown above the search tabs while choosing or replacing a route point; tapping it opens a full-screen map picker with a crosshair`.

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

zh-Hans = 选择目的地
zh-Hant = 選擇目的地

[choose_stop_along_route]
comment = Title of the full-screen map point picker shown while choosing an intermediate stop of a route with a crosshair
tags = android-app
en = Choose stop along route
af = Kies 'n stop langs die roete
ar = اختر محطة على طول المسار
az = Marşrut boyunca dayanacaq seçin
be = Выберыце прыпынак на маршруце
bg = Изберете спирка по маршрута
bn = রুট বরাবর স্টপ নির্বাচন করুন
ca = Tria una parada al llarg de la ruta
cs = Vyberte zastávku na trase
cy = Dewiswch arosfan ar hyd y llwybr
da = Vælg stop langs ruten
de = Haltestelle entlang der Route auswählen
el = Επιλογή στάσης κατά μήκος της διαδρομής
es = Seleccionar parada a lo largo de la ruta
es-MX = Seleccione una parada a lo largo de la ruta
et = Vali peatus marsruudil
eu = Aukeratu ibilbideko geltokia
fa = انتخاب ایستگاه در طول مسیر
fi = Valitse pysäkki reitin varrelta
fr = Choisissez un arrêt sur l'itinéraire
gl = Escoller parada ao longo da ruta
he = בחר תחנה לאורך המסלול
hi = मार्ग पर स्टॉप चुनें
hr = Odaberite stajalište na ruti
hu = Megálló kiválasztása az útvonal mentén
hy = Ընտրեք երթուղու կանգառը
id = Pilih perhentian di sepanjang rute
is = Velja stöð á leiðinni

> it = Scegliere una fermata lungo il percorso

Reviewer: Register nit: the three `choose_*` titles are meant to read as one family, but **it** uses three different forms — `Scegli la destinazione` (imperative), `Selezionare la posizione di partenza` and `Scegliere una fermata…` (infinitive) — and `change_stop_along_route` = `Modifica della fermata lungo il percorso` is a noun phrase ("modification of the stop"), not an action. Suggest imperative throughout: `Scegli una fermata lungo il percorso`, `Scegli la posizione di partenza`, `Modifica la fermata lungo il percorso`.

**es** has the same split: `Seleccione la ubicación de inicio` / `Seleccione el destino` (usted) vs `Seleccionar parada a lo largo de la ruta` (infinitive), while all three `change_*` are infinitive.

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

ja = 経由地を選択
ko = 경유지 선택
lo = ເລືອກຈຸດຢຸດຕາມເສັ້ນທາງ
lt = Pasirinkite stotelę maršrute
lv = Izvēlēties pieturu maršrutā
ml = പാതയിലെ സ്റ്റോപ്പ് തിരഞ്ഞെടുക്കുക
mr = मार्गावरील थांबा निवडा
mt = Agħżel waqfa tul il-rotta
nb = Velg stoppested langs ruten
nl = Kies een halte langs de route
oc = Causissètz una parada sus la rota
pa = ਰਸਤੇ 'ਤੇ ਸਟਾਪ ਚੁਣੋ
pl = Wybierz przystanek na trasie
pt = Escolher paragem ao longo do percurso
pt-BR = Escolha uma parada ao longo da rota
ro = Alege o oprire de-a lungul traseului
ru = Выберите остановку на маршруте
sk = Vyberte zastávku na trase
sl = Izberi postajo na poti
sq = Zgjidh ndalesën përgjatë rrugës
sr = Изаберите станицу дуж руте

> sv = Välj hållplats längs rutten

Reviewer: Several locales render the route "stop" with the public-transport word, diverging from the term this file already uses for the very same concept. Same applies to `change_stop_along_route` below:

| | this PR | corpus (`placepage_add_stop` / `placepage_remove_stop`) |
|---|---|---|
| de | `Haltestelle` (bus stop) | `Stopp einfügen` / `Stopp entfernen` |
| fi | `pysäkki` (bus stop) | `Lisää pysähdys` / `Poista pysähdys` |
| sv | `hållplats` (bus stop) | `Lägg till stopp` / `Ta bort stoppet` |
| nl | `halte` (bus stop) | `Voeg tussenstop toe` / `Verwijder tussenstop` |
| sr | `станицу` (station) | `Међуодредиште` / `Уклони међуодредиште` |

`hr` is also inconsistent inside this PR: `choose_stop_along_route` = `stajalište` (matches `Dodaj stajalište`) but `change_stop_along_route` = `stanicu`.

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

sw = Chagua kituo kando ya njia
te = మార్గంలో ఆగడాన్ని ఎంచుకోండి
th = เลือกจุดหยุดตามเส้นทาง
tr = Güzergâh üzerindeki durağı seç
uk = Виберіть зупинку на маршруті
vi = Chọn điểm dừng dọc theo lộ trình
zh-Hans = 选择途经点
zh-Hant = 選擇途經點

[choose_point_on_map_hint]
comment = Hint under the title of the full-screen map point picker: the pin stays in the centre of the screen while the user moves the map
tags = android-app

> en = Pan and zoom the map under the pin

Reviewer: There is no pin. The position chooser draws `cross_geoposition` — a crosshair (`libs/drape_frontend/gui/choose_position_mark.cpp:55`), which is why the sibling hint `editor_focus_map_on_location` says "place the **cross**".

The wrong metaphor then propagated unevenly: most locales quietly substituted "marker" (`ru` маркером, `uk` маркером, `sk` značkou, `cs` značkou, `lv` marķiera, `lt` žymekliu, `sv`/`nb` markören, `pt` marcador), while a few translated "pin" literally as a needle or nail — `hr` čavlića ("little nail"), `sr` игле ("needle"), `sq` gjilpërë ("needle"), `ca` agulla ("needle"), `hy` Փինի (transliterated "pin").

Fixing `en` is the root fix and lets the rest converge, e.g.:

```suggestion
en = Move and zoom the map to place the crosshair
```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

af = Pans en zoom die kaart onder die pen
ar = يمكن تحريك الخريطة وتكبيرها/تصغيرها أسفل الدبوس
az = Pin altında xəritəni sürüşdürün və yaxınlaşdırın
be = Перамяшчайце і маштабуйце мапу пад маркерам
bg = Преместване и мащабиране на картата под маркера
bn = পিনের নিচে মানচিত্র প্যান এবং জুম করুন
ca = Desplaça i fa zoom al mapa sota l'agulla
cs = Posunujte a přibližujte mapu pod značkou
cy = Pannio a chwyddo'r map o dan y pin
da = Panorer og zoom på kortet under markøren
de = Schiebe und zoome die Karte unter der Stecknadel
el = Μετακίνηση και μεγέθυνση του χάρτη κάτω από τον πείρο
es = Desplácese y amplíe o reduzca el mapa debajo del marcador
et = Liiguta ja suumige kaarti märgi all
eu = Pinaren azpian mapa mugitu eta handitu/txikitu
fa = نقشه را زیر پین جابه‌جا و بزرگنمایی کنید

> fi = Kierrä ja zoomaa karttaa merkinnän alla

Reviewer: Grammar in this hint (independent of the "pin" wording above):

- **ca** `Desplaça i fa zoom…` — `fa` is 3rd-person indicative sitting next to the imperative `Desplaça`. Catalan UI here uses the 2nd-plural imperative (`Arrossegueu el mapa…`, `Seleccioneu Ubicació`) → `Desplaceu i amplieu el mapa…`
- **et** `Liiguta ja suumige…` — singular imperative + plural imperative in one sentence; Estonian OM is singular (`Lohista kaarti`, `Vali asukoht`) → `Liiguta ja suumi kaarti…`
- **fi** `Kierrä ja zoomaa karttaa…` — `kiertää` is "rotate / go around", not "pan" → `Siirrä ja zoomaa karttaa…`
- **pt-BR** `Desliza e amplia o mapa…` — indicative, not imperative; pt has it right (`Desloque e amplie`) → `Deslize e amplie o mapa…`

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

zh-Hans = 在图钉下方对地图进行平移和缩放
zh-Hant = 在圖釘下方對地圖進行平移和縮放

[change_start_location]
comment = Title shown while replacing the already set starting point of a route, either in the search panel or in the full-screen map point picker
tags = android-app
en = Change start location
af = Verander beginligging
ar = تغيير موقع البداية
az = Başlanğıc yerini dəyiş
be = Змяніць пачатковы пункт
bg = Промени начална точка
bn = শুরু করার অবস্থান পরিবর্তন করুন
ca = Canvia la ubicació de sortida
cs = Změnit výchozí polohu
cy = Newid lleoliad cychwyn
da = Skift startplacering
de = Startort ändern
el = Αλλαγή θέσης εκκίνησης
es = Cambiar la ubicación de inicio
et = Muuda alguspunkti
eu = Aldatu abiapuntuaren kokapena
fa = تغییر مکان شروع
fi = Muuta lähtöpaikkaa
fr = Modifier le lieu de départ
gl = Cambiar a localización de inicio
he = שינוי מיקום ההתחלה
hi = शुरुआती स्थान बदलें
hr = Promijeni početnu lokaciju
hu = Kiindulási hely módosítása
hy = Փոխել մեկնարկի վայրը
id = Ubah lokasi awal
is = Breyta upphafsstað
it = Modifica la posizione di partenza
ja = 出発地を変更する
ko = 시작 위치 변경
lo = ປ່ຽນສະຖານທີ່ເລີ່ມຕົ້ນ
lt = Pakeisti pradžios vietą
lv = Mainīt sākuma vietu
ml = തുടക്ക സ്ഥാനം മാറ്റുക

> mr = सुरुवातीचा ठिकाण बदला

Reviewer: Two errors in the start-location pair:

- **mr** `सुरुवातीचा ठिकाण बदला` — `ठिकाण` is neuter, so the adjective must be `सुरुवातीचे`; and `choose_start_location` uses `स्थान`, not `ठिकाण`. → `सुरुवातीचे स्थान बदला`
- **ml** (`choose_start_location`, line 44873) `തുടക്കം സ്ഥലം തിരഞ്ഞെടുക്കുക` — bare noun + noun is ungrammatical, and it switches `സ്ഥലം`/`സ്ഥാനം` against the `change_` line right here. → `തുടക്ക സ്ഥാനം തിരഞ്ഞെടുക്കുക`

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

mr = सुरुवातीचे स्थान निवडा
mt = Agħżel il-post tal-bidu
nb = Velg startsted
nl = Kies de startlocatie
oc = Causissètz lo luòc de partença
pa = ਸ਼ੁਰੂਆਤੀ ਸਥਾਨ ਚੁਣੋ
pl = Wybierz lokalizację początkową
pt = Escolha o local de partida
ro = Alegeți locația de pornire
ru = Выберите начальную точку
sk = Vyberte počiatočnú polohu
sl = Izberite začetno lokacijo
sq = Zgjidh vendndodhjen e nisjes
sr = Изаберите почетну локацију
sv = Välj startplats
sw = Chagua eneo la kuanzia
te = ప్రారంభ స్థానాన్ని ఎంచుకోండి
th = เลือกจุดเริ่มต้น
tr = Başlangıç konumunu seçin
uk = Виберіть початкову точку
vi = Chọn vị trí khởi đầu
zh-Hans = 选择起点
zh-Hant = 選擇起點

[choose_destination]
comment = Title of the full-screen map point picker shown while choosing the destination of a route with a crosshair
tags = android-app
en = Choose destination
af = Kies bestemming
ar = اختر الوجهة
az = Təyinatı seçin
be = Выберыце пункт прызначэння
bg = Изберете дестинация
bn = গন্তব্য নির্বাচন করুন
ca = Tria la destinació
cs = Vyberte cíl
cy = Dewis cyrchfan
da = Vælg destination
de = Ziel auswählen
el = Επιλογή προορισμού
es = Seleccione el destino
et = Vali sihtkoht
eu = Hautatu helmuga
fa = انتخاب مقصد
fi = Valitse määränpää

> fr = Choisir la destination

Reviewer: Register split inside the `fr` family: the three `choose_*` titles mix moods (`Choisissez le lieu de départ`, **`Choisir la destination`**, `Choisissez un arrêt sur l'itinéraire`) while all three `change_*` are infinitive (`Modifier le lieu de départ` / `Modifier la destination` / `Modifier un arrêt sur l'itinéraire`).

Since the two families label the same picker, make `choose_*` infinitive too:

```
fr = Choisir le lieu de départ
fr = Choisir la destination
fr = Choisir un arrêt sur l'itinéraire
```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

vi = Chọn điểm đến
zh-Hans = 选择目的地
zh-Hant = 選擇目的地

[choose_stop_along_route]
comment = Title of the full-screen map point picker shown while choosing an intermediate stop of a route with a crosshair
tags = android-app
en = Choose stop along route
af = Kies 'n stop langs die roete
ar = اختر محطة على طول المسار
az = Marşrut boyunca dayanacaq seçin
be = Выберыце прыпынак на маршруце
bg = Изберете спирка по маршрута
bn = রুট বরাবর স্টপ নির্বাচন করুন
ca = Tria una parada al llarg de la ruta
cs = Vyberte zastávku na trase
cy = Dewiswch arosfan ar hyd y llwybr
da = Vælg stop langs ruten
de = Stopp entlang der Route auswählen
el = Επιλογή στάσης κατά μήκος της διαδρομής
es = Seleccione la parada a lo largo de la ruta
es-MX = Seleccione una parada a lo largo de la ruta
et = Vali peatus marsruudil
eu = Aukeratu ibilbideko geltokia
fa = انتخاب ایستگاه در طول مسیر
fi = Valitse pysähdys reitin varrelta
fr = Choisissez un arrêt sur l'itinéraire
gl = Escoller parada ao longo da ruta
he = בחר תחנה לאורך המסלול
hi = मार्ग पर स्टॉप चुनें
hr = Odaberite stajalište na ruti
hu = Megálló kiválasztása az útvonal mentén
hy = Ընտրեք երթուղու կանգառը
id = Pilih perhentian di sepanjang rute

> is = Velja stöð á leiðinni

Reviewer: `is` uses `stöð` — a *station* — for the route stop, where this file already settled on `stopp` (`placepage_add_stop` = `Bæta við stoppi`, `placepage_remove_stop` = `Fjarlægja stopp`). Same in `change_stop_along_route` below (`Breyta stöð á leiðinni`), which is the extension of the bus-stop-word pass already applied to `de`/`fi`/`sv`/`nl`/`sr`.

```
is = Velja stopp á leiðinni
```
and, since `breyta` governs the dative:
```
is = Breyta stoppi á leiðinni
```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

hy = Կանգառների առավելագույն թիվը հասել է
id = Jumlah perhentian maksimum telah tercapai
is = Hámarksfjöldi stöðva náð
it = Numero massimo di fermate raggiunto
ja = 停留所の最大数に達しました
ko = 경유지 최대 개수에 도달했습니다
lo = ຮອດຈຳນວນຈຸດຈອດສູງສຸດແລ້ວ
lt = Pasiektas maksimalus sustojimų skaičius
lv = Sasniegts maksimālais pieturu skaits
ml = പരമാവധി സ്റ്റോപ്പുകളുടെ എണ്ണം എത്തി
mr = थांबे यांची कमाल संख्या गाठली
mt = Inkiseb in-numru massimu ta' waqfiet
nb = Maksimalt antall stopp er nådd
nl = Het maximale aantal tussenstops is bereikt
oc = Lo nombre maximal d'arrèsts es atench
pa = ਰੁਕਣਾਂ ਦੀ ਵੱਧ ਤੋਂ ਵੱਧ ਗਿਣਤੀ ਪੂਰੀ ਹੋ ਗਈ
pl = Osiągnięto maksymalną liczbę przystanków
pt = Número máximo de paragens atingido
pt-BR = Número máximo de paradas atingido
ro = S-a atins numărul maxim de stații
ru = Достигнуто максимальное количество остановок
sk = Dosiahnutý maximálny počet zastávok
sl = Doseženo največje število postajališč
sq = Numri maksimal i ndalesave është arritur
sr = Постигнут максималан број међуодредишта
sv = Maximalt antal stopp har uppnåtts
sw = Idadi ya juu ya vituo imefikiwa
te = గరిష్ట సంఖ్యలో స్టాప్‌లు చేరాయి
th = ถึงจำนวนจุดหยุดสูงสุดแล้ว
tr = Maksimum durak sayısına ulaşıldı

> uk = Досягнуто максимальну кількість зупинок

Reviewer: Grammar and terminology in this toast:

- **uk** — impersonal `досягнуто` governs the genitive, not the accusative:
  ```
  uk = Досягнуто максимальної кількості зупинок
  ```
- **be** — predicative participles take the short form, and the natural order puts it first:
  ```
  be = Дасягнута максімальная колькасць прыпынкаў
  ```
- **af** — three errors in five words: Dutch spelling `Maximum`, singular `halte` for a plural count, bare `bereik` with no participle or copula. It is also the only string in this PR where `af` uses the bus-stop word — `choose_stop_along_route` correctly has `af = Kies 'n stop langs die roete`:
  ```
  af = Maksimum aantal stoppe is bereik
  ```
- **is** — `ná` governs the dative and the sentence has no verb; `stöð` is a station, corpus is `stopp` (`placepage_add_stop` = `Bæta við stoppi`):
  ```
  is = Hámarksfjölda stoppa er náð
  ```
- **zh** — `停靠站` (transit stop) contradicts this PR's own `choose_stop_along_route` = `选择途经点` / `選擇途經點`:
  ```
  zh-Hans = 已达到最大途经点数量
  zh-Hant = 已達到最大途經點數量
  ```

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

vi = Đã đạt đến số điểm dừng tối đa
zh-Hans = 已达到最大停靠站数量
zh-Hant = 已達到最大停靠站數

[choose_point_on_map_hint]
comment = Hint under the title of the full-screen route point picker: a crosshair stays fixed in the centre of the screen while the user moves the map under it
tags = android-app
en = Move and zoom the map to place the crosshair
af = Beweeg en zoom die kaart om die kruislas te posisioneer
ar = حرك الخريطة وقم بتكبيرها أو تصغيرها لوضع علامة التصويب
az = Xaç işarəsini yerləşdirmək üçün xəritəni hərəkət etdirin və yaxınlaşdırın

> be = Рухайце карту і змяняйце маштаб, каб размясціць прыцэлік

Reviewer: This hint describes the same crosshair as `editor_focus_map_on_location`, but three locales pick a different word for both "map" and "crosshair" than that sibling already uses:

| | this hint | `editor_focus_map_on_location` |
|---|---|---|
| be | `карту` … `прыцэлік` | `мапу` … `крыжык` |
| uk | `карту` … `перехрестя` | `мапу` … `хрестик` |
| ru | (карту ok) `перекрестье` | `крестик` |

Two problems: `be`/`uk` must use **мапа** (also `choose_on_map` in this PR already has `be = Выбраць на мапе`, `uk = Вибрати на мапі`), and `перехрестя` / `перекрестье` primarily read as a *road junction*, which is exactly the wrong reading on a map screen.

```
be = Рухайце мапу і змяняйце маштаб, каб размясціць крыжык
uk = Переміщайте та масштабуйте мапу, щоб розмістити хрестик
ru = Перемещайте и масштабируйте карту, чтобы установить крестик
```

Four more in the same string:

- **af** `kruislas` is a cross *joint/splice*, not a reticle; Afrikaans is `kruisdraad` (cf. the correct `nl = dradenkruis`) → `Beweeg en zoom die kaart om die kruisdraad te posisioneer`.
- **is** `staðsetja` takes the accusative → `krosshárið`, not dative `krosshárinu`.
- **lo** `ຜົມຂ້າມ` is literally "crossed *hair (on the head)*" — a machine-translation artifact. Needs a native pass; the "+ sign" phrasing `tr` uses would work.
- **tr** is the only locale in the "can" mood (`yerleştirebilirsiniz`); the rest are imperative → `Artı işaretini yerleştirmek için haritayı hareket ettirin ve yakınlaştırın`.
- **es** invents `la cruz de puntero` while `es-MX` right below says plainly `la cruz`; align the two.

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

vi = Tìm kiếm bằng giọng nói
zh-Hans = 语音搜索
zh-Hant = 語音搜尋

[choose_on_map]
comment = Row shown above the search tabs while choosing or replacing a route point; tapping it opens a full-screen map picker with a crosshair
tags = android-app
en = Choose on map
af = Kies op die kaart
ar = اختر على الخريطة
az = Xəritədə seçin
be = Выбраць на мапе
bg = Избери на картата
bn = মানচিত্রে নির্বাচন করুন
ca = Tria al mapa
cs = Vybrat na mapě
cy = Dewis ar y map
da = Vælg på kortet
de = Auf der Karte auswählen
el = Επιλέξτε στο χάρτη

> es = Seleccionar en el mapa

Reviewer: Three languages mix verb forms across these nine strings, and the user sees them next to each other (the row label, then the picker title it opens):

- **es** — `Seleccionar en el mapa` (infinitive) vs `Seleccione la ubicación de inicio` / `Cambie el destino` (formal imperative);
- **pt** — `Escolher no mapa` / `Escolher destino` / `Alterar destino` (infinitive) vs `Escolha o local de partida` (imperative);
- **oc** — `Causissètz` / `Causir` vs `Desplaça e zooma` (2sg imperative) in the hint.

Worth settling on one form per language across the set.

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

be = Дасягнута максімальная колькасць прыпынкаў
bg = Достигнат е максималният брой спирки
bn = সর্বোচ্চ সংখ্যক স্টপ পৌঁছে গেছে
ca = S'ha assolit el nombre màxim d'aturades
cs = Byl dosažen maximální počet zastávek
cy = Cyrhaeddwyd y nifer uchaf o arosfannau
da = Det maksimale antal stop er nået
de = Die maximale Anzahl an Stopps wurde erreicht
el = Επιτεύχθηκε ο μέγιστος αριθμός στάσεων
es = Se ha alcanzado el número máximo de paradas
et = Peatuste maksimaalne arv on saavutatud
eu = Geltokien kopuru maximoa lortu da
fa = حداکثر تعداد توقف‌ها رسیده است
fi = Pysähdysten enimmäismäärä on saavutettu
fr = Nombre maximal d'étapes atteint
gl = Alcanzouse o número máximo de paradas
he = המספר המרבי של התחנות הושג
hi = अधिकतम स्टॉप संख्या प्राप्त हो गई
hr = Postignut je maksimalni broj stajališta
hu = Elérte a megállók maximális számát
hy = Կանգառների առավելագույն թիվը հասել է
id = Jumlah perhentian maksimum telah tercapai
is = Hámarksfjöldi stöðva náð
it = Numero massimo di fermate raggiunto
ja = 停留所の最大数に達しました
ko = 경유지 최대 개수에 도달했습니다
lo = ຮອດຈຳນວນຈຸດຈອດສູງສຸດແລ້ວ
lt = Pasiektas maksimalus sustojimų skaičius
lv = Sasniegts maksimālais pieturu skaits
ml = പരമാവധി സ്റ്റോപ്പുകളുടെ എണ്ണം എത്തി

> mr = थांबे यांची कमाल संख्या गाठली

Reviewer: Two ungrammatical ones in this block:

- **hy** (45593) — `թիվը հասել է` reads "the number has arrived"; `հասնել` needs a goal in the dative.
  → `Հասել եք կանգառների առավելագույն քանակին`
- **mr** (45603) — `थांबे यांची` is not a valid genitive; the plural oblique of `थांबा` is `थांब्यांची`, and the sentence needs its copula.
  → `थांब्यांची कमाल संख्या गाठली आहे`

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

mt = Inkiseb in-numru massimu ta' waqfiet
nb = Maksimalt antall stopp er nådd
nl = Het maximale aantal tussenstops is bereikt
oc = Lo nombre maximal d'arrèsts es atench
pa = ਰੁਕਣਾਂ ਦੀ ਵੱਧ ਤੋਂ ਵੱਧ ਗਿਣਤੀ ਪੂਰੀ ਹੋ ਗਈ
pl = Osiągnięto maksymalną liczbę przystanków
pt = Número máximo de paragens atingido
pt-BR = Número máximo de paradas atingido
ro = S-a atins numărul maxim de stații
ru = Достигнуто максимальное количество остановок
sk = Dosiahnutý maximálny počet zastávok
sl = Doseženo največje število postajališč
sq = Numri maksimal i ndalesave është arritur
sr = Постигнут максималан број међуодредишта
sv = Maximalt antal stopp har uppnåtts
sw = Idadi ya juu ya vituo imefikiwa
te = గరిష్ట సంఖ్యలో స్టాప్‌లు చేరాయి
th = ถึงจำนวนจุดหยุดสูงสุดแล้ว
tr = Maksimum durak sayısına ulaşıldı
uk = Досягнуто максимальної кількості зупинок
vi = Đã đạt đến số điểm dừng tối đa
zh-Hans = 已达到最大停靠站数量

> zh-Hant = 已達到最大停靠站數

Reviewer: `routing_max_stops_reached` picks a different word for "stop" than the rest of this feature in five locales — the user sees the toast right after the `…_stop_along_route` title:

- **fr** (45587) — `étapes` vs `arrêt` in `choose/change_stop_along_route`, and the corpus `placepage_add_stop = Ajouter un arrêt` → `Nombre maximal d'arrêts atteint`
- **is** (45595) — `stöðva` (stations) where this PR's own `is` strings settled on `stopp` (`Velja stopp á leiðinni`); the sentence also has no copula and `ná` governs the dative → `Hámarksfjölda stoppa er náð`
- **ja** (45597) — `停留所` is a bus stop; this PR uses `経由地`, the corpus `中間地点` → `経由地の最大数に達しました`
- **zh** (45625/45626) — `停靠站` contradicts this PR's own `选择途经点` / `選擇途經點` → `已达到最大途经点数量` / `已達到最大途經點數量`
- **eu** (45584) — `geltoki` (transit station) here and in `choose_stop_along_route`, but `geldialdi` in `change_stop_along_route`; unify on `geldialdi`, which fits a route waypoint → `Geldialdien kopuru maximoa lortu da`

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

cy = Symudwch a chwyddo'r map i osod y croesbwynt
da = Flyt og zoom på kortet for at placere sigtekornet
de = Verschiebe und zoome die Karte, um das Fadenkreuz zu platzieren
el = Μετακινήστε και μεγεθύνετε τον χάρτη για να τοποθετήσετε το σταυρόνημα
es = Mueva y amplíe o reduzca el mapa para situar la cruz de puntero
es-MX = Mueva y amplíe el mapa para colocar la cruz
et = Liiguta ja suumi kaarti, et paigutada ristmärk õigesse kohta
eu = Mugitu eta handitu mapa gurutzaduna kokatzeko
fa = نقشه را جابجا و بزرگنمایی کنید تا نشانه‌گیر را قرار دهید
fi = Siirrä ja zoomaa karttaa kohdistusristikon sijoittamiseksi
fr = Déplacez et zoomez sur la carte pour positionner le réticule
gl = Mova e achegue o mapa para colocar o punto de mira
he = הזיזו את המפה ושינו את רמת הזום כדי למקם את הכוונת
hi = क्रॉसहेयर को रखने के लिए नक्शा चलाएँ और ज़ूम करें
hr = Pomaknite i zumirajte kartu kako biste postavili križić
hu = Mozgassa és nagyítsa/kicsinyítse a térképet a célkereszt elhelyezéséhez
hy = Շարժեք և մեծացրեք քարտեզը՝ խաչմարկը տեղադրելու համար
id = Gerakkan dan perbesar/perkecil peta untuk menempatkan tanda silang
is = Hreyfðu og stækkaðu kortið til að staðsetja krosshárið

> it = Spostare e ingrandire/ridurre la mappa per posizionare il mirino

Reviewer: Two left in the hint:

- **es** (45644) — `la cruz de puntero` is invented; `es-MX` right below and the existing `editor_focus_map_on_location` (`…colocar la cruz…`) both say plainly `la cruz` → `Mueva y amplíe o reduzca el mapa para situar la cruz`
- **it** (45659) — infinitive `Spostare e ingrandire/ridurre`, while every other `it` string in this PR is imperative (`Scegli`, `Modifica`) and so is `editor_focus_map_on_location` (`Trascina la mappa…`) → `Sposta e ingrandisci la mappa per posizionare il mirino`. In the same family, `it change_destination = Modifica destinazione` drops the article its two siblings keep (`Modifica la posizione di partenza`, `Modifica la fermata lungo il percorso`) → `Modifica la destinazione`.

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_

ml = ക്രോസ്ഹെയർ സ്ഥാപിക്കുന്നതിനായി മാപ്പ് നീക്കുകയും സൂം ചെയ്യുകയും ചെയ്യുക
mr = क्रॉसहॅर ठेवण्यासाठी नकाशा हलवा आणि झूम करा
mt = Ħaddem u zoomja l-mappa biex tpoġġi l-crosshair
nb = Flytt og zoom på kartet for å plassere siktet
nl = Verplaats en zoom in of uit op de kaart om het dradenkruis te plaatsen
oc = Desplaça e zooma la mapa per plaçar lo mira-cruzat
pa = ਕ੍ਰਾਸਹੇਅਰ ਨੂੰ ਸਹੀ ਥਾਂ 'ਤੇ ਰੱਖਣ ਲਈ ਨਕਸ਼ਾ ਹਿਲਾਓ ਅਤੇ ਜ਼ੂਮ ਕਰੋ
pl = Przesuń i powiększ mapę, aby ustawić celownik
pt = Mova e amplie o mapa para posicionar a cruz
pt-BR = Mova e amplie o mapa para posicionar a mira
ro = Deplasați și măriți/micșorați harta pentru a poziționa reticulul
ru = Перемещайте и масштабируйте карту, чтобы установить крестик
sk = Posúvajte a zväčšujte mapu, aby ste umiestnili zameriavací kríž
sl = Premikajte in povečujte zemljevid, da namestite križec
sq = Lëvizni dhe zmadhoni hartën për të vendosur shënjestrën
sr = Померите и зумирајте мапу да бисте поставили нишан
sv = Flytta och zooma på kartan för att placera hårkorset
sw = Sogeza na zuma ramani ili kuweka alama ya msalaba
te = క్రాస్‌హెయిర్‌ను ఉంచడానికి మ్యాప్‌ను కదిలించండి మరియు జూమ్ చేయండి
th = เลื่อนและซูมแผนที่เพื่อวางจุดเล็ง

> tr = Haritayı hareket ettirip yakınlaştırarak artı işaretini yerleştirebilirsiniz

Reviewer: Five of the crosshair renderings here are either wrong or drift from the wording the existing `editor_focus_map_on_location` already uses for the very same marker:

- **af** (45632) — `kruislas` isn't a word (`las` is a weld/joint); the existing string says `die kruis`, and `zoom` is `zoem` in Afrikaans.
  → `Skuif en zoem die kaart om die kruis te plaas`
- **is** (45658) — `staðsetja` governs the accusative, so the dative `krosshárinu` is wrong.
  → `Hreyfðu og stækkaðu kortið til að staðsetja krosshárið`
- **lo** (45662) — `ຜົມຂ້າມ` is a literal calque ("hair across"; `ຜົມ` is hair on a head). The existing string uses `ເຄື່ອງໝາຍບວກ`.
  → `ຍ້າຍ ແລະ ຊູມແຜນທີ່ເພື່ອວາງເຄື່ອງໝາຍບວກ`
- **mt** (45667) — `Ħaddem` means "operate/run", not "move"; the existing string uses `Mexxi l-mappa` and `is-salib` rather than leaving `crosshair` in English.
  → `Mexxi u kabbar il-mappa biex tqiegħed is-salib`
- **tr** (45685) — `yerleştirebilirsiniz` states an ability rather than giving the instruction every other language here gives; the established term is `çarpı imi`.
  → `Çarpı imini yerleştirmek için haritayı kaydırın ve yakınlaştırın`

---
_Generated by [Claude Code](https://claude.ai/code)_
